README.md, before:



# JaneGwaww's Blog

> It’s Your Life.
> 
> Share it. Celebrate it. Build it.
> 
> AND HAVE FUN!

更好的阅读体验([EN](https://www.janegwaww.com/README.en.html)/[中文](https://www.janegwaww.com))


## 分享


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（一）](./src/share_it/recent_reading.md)


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（二）](./src/share_it/recent_reading2.zh.md)


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（三）](./src/share_it/recent_reading3.zh.md)


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（四）](./src/share_it/recent_reading4.zh.md)


### [分享最近使用过的记笔记软件](./src/share_it/share_note_app.zh.md)


## 构建


### [如何面对35岁](./src/build_it/how_face_midnight.md)


### [为什么你应该学习多种语言和哪里可以学到他们](./src/build_it/why_you_should_learn_several_programming_language_and_where_to_learn_them.md)


### [作为大龄程序员，你如何持续的保持自己的竞争优势](./src/build_it/older_developer.zh.md)


### [程序员在职场中如何缓解过度焦虑](src/build_it/how_to_stop_caring.zh.md)


# License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

Dev (#13)
* update footer

* add channels and donate

* fixup! add channels and donate

* modified readme

* fixup! modified readme

* fix footer

* fixup! fix footer

* update readme

* fixup! update readme

* modified donate logos

* fixup! modified donate logos

* fixup! fixup! modified donate logos

* fixup! fixup! fixup! modified donate logos

README.md, after:



# JaneGwaww's Blog

> It’s Your Life.
> 
> Share it. Celebrate it. Build it.
> 
> AND HAVE FUN!

更好的阅读体验([EN](https://www.janegwaww.com/README.en.html)/[中文](https://www.janegwaww.com))


## 分享


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（一）](./src/share_it/recent_reading.md)


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（二）](./src/share_it/recent_reading2.zh.md)


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（三）](./src/share_it/recent_reading3.zh.md)


### [分享最近阅读的书籍清单（四）](./src/share_it/recent_reading4.zh.md)


### [分享最近使用过的记笔记软件](./src/share_it/share_note_app.zh.md)


## 构建


### [如何面对35岁](./src/build_it/how_face_midnight.md)


### [为什么你应该学习多种语言和哪里可以学到他们](./src/build_it/why_you_should_learn_several_programming_language_and_where_to_learn_them.md)


### [作为大龄程序员，你如何持续的保持自己的竞争优势](./src/build_it/older_developer.zh.md)


### [程序员在职场中如何缓解过度焦虑](src/build_it/how_to_stop_caring.zh.md)


# 相关链接

-   Web: [www.janegwaww.com](https://www.janegwaww.com/)
-   Email: [tiglapiles@gmail.com](mailto:tiglapiles@gmail.com)
-   GitHub: [@JaneGwaww](https://github.com/janegwaww)
-   Podcast: [English Learning Mine](https://podcast.janegwaww.com/)


# Donate

If you think it's helpful for you, please consider paying a cup of coffee for me. Thank you!

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/janegwaww"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5a/Patreon_logomark.svg/512px-Patreon_logomark.svg.png?20170614162828" alt="Patreon" style="height: 60px !important;" ></a> <a href="https://paypal.me/janegwaww"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/paypal-ui/logos/svg/paypal-color.svg" alt="PayPal" style="height: 60px !important;" ></a> <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/JaneGwaww" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>


# License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>
